HKBU Classroom: It's Colleen here.
HKBU Classroom: I think we all have everybody.
HKBU Classroom: So, we are all in this WeChat group, right?
HKBU Classroom: Anyone who is not.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so maybe I'll just quickly go through… Zhu Longquan?
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: Chen Hao Xin.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, good.
HKBU Classroom: One, yeah.
HKBU Classroom: Alright.
HKBU Classroom: And Yu Guo Fan.
HKBU Classroom: P.
HKBU Classroom: Zhou Yuan Hong?
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: Chao Shudong?
HKBU Classroom: Not here yet.
HKBU Classroom: Chen Yuichi? Okay.
HKBU Classroom: And, zhao Zhan.
HKBU Classroom: Okay
HKBU Classroom: You, U1gine?
HKBU Classroom: Okay, good.
HKBU Classroom: Zhou Jia Yi.
HKBU Classroom: Right.
HKBU Classroom: Go judge you, right?
HKBU Classroom: Good. Li Zhangping.
HKBU Classroom: Huh?
HKBU Classroom: Oh, okay.
HKBU Classroom: Ying Yujia.
HKBU Classroom: Hang.
HKBU Classroom: Lin Chen Yu.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, good.
HKBU Classroom: Zhang Yuvai.
HKBU Classroom: Aye.
HKBU Classroom: Dong Jun.
HKBU Classroom: David.
HKBU Classroom: Qingwei, okay, good.
HKBU Classroom: Thanks, Wales.
HKBU Classroom: Ethan? Ethan here yet?
HKBU Classroom: Okay, Con Lee, is Con Lee here?
HKBU Classroom: Not yet.
HKBU Classroom: Alright.
HKBU Classroom: So, can you all access this page?
HKBU Classroom: Yes?
HKBU Classroom: this page.
HKBU Classroom: No problem, right?
HKBU Classroom: Alright, so thank you so much for joining this section.
HKBU Classroom: I want to begin with, kind of talk about… The course in general.
HKBU Classroom: I used to be the coordinator of this course, but then I… I left the team
HKBU Classroom: Like, 5 years ago, so this is…
HKBU Classroom: the first time I rejoined this course, and hopefully I will become the course coordinator again.
HKBU Classroom: If you look at this page.
HKBU Classroom: You can see that, we are actually offering… the ERPP program.
HKBU Classroom: And, hopefully you can…
HKBU Classroom: you know, consider joining this program later, which is more like a one-on-one services that I can help you.
HKBU Classroom: To improve your manuscript for publication.
HKBU Classroom: But, the challenge is that… with AI these days.
HKBU Classroom: It becomes less obvious or clear
HKBU Classroom: How a language teacher can actually help.
HKBU Classroom: Right?
HKBU Classroom: So, one of the articles I want to share with you, which you can look at a little bit.
HKBU Classroom: is… This one…
HKBU Classroom: So, later on, when you have time, you can check this out. This is an article I published when I was a PhD student at CTU.
HKBU Classroom: Okay? So, I was a language teacher at Hwajong University of Science and Technology for nearly 10 years. Anyone from Wuhan?
HKBU Classroom: Anyone from Hubei, raise your hand.
HKBU Classroom: Oh, okay, so I'm from Wuhan.
HKBU Classroom: So I spent almost 10 years there, and one thing I did there is to help people publish.
HKBU Classroom: papers, alright? I spent time talking with them and trying to figure out how to write a better paper, how to improve their writing.
HKBU Classroom: And then later on, I actually published an article talking about the process.
HKBU Classroom: And also, this is the reason why I'm the coordinator of ERPP, so here at BU, I also try to, offer students this kind of help.
HKBU Classroom: But, as I said earlier, With large language model, do we really need language teachers anymore?
HKBU Classroom: I mean, this question is a very important one.
HKBU Classroom: And, unfortunately, I don't think we have a very good answer for language teachers.
HKBU Classroom: Because when students have access to large language models, they can solve many problems.
HKBU Classroom: Right?
HKBU Classroom: Because, in a way, I would… I would argue that the language teachers are just a small language model.
HKBU Classroom: Right? The principles behind The language teacher and AI is quite similar.
HKBU Classroom: If you think about it, I got my education, years of training, become familiar with the language, so…
HKBU Classroom: When I speak to you, I can tell you what is the best version of the next sentence.
HKBU Classroom: For that manuscript.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: Because I recognized the patterns in all the data, all the training data that I was exposed to.
HKBU Classroom: AI is doing the same.
HKBU Classroom: But AI got more data.
HKBU Classroom: You know, enormous amount of data compared to the data I was exposed to.
HKBU Classroom: Right?
HKBU Classroom: But of course, I think I also have some advantage.
HKBU Classroom: Number one is I'm more efficient, right? My brain is more efficient than a large language model. I consume less electricity.
HKBU Classroom: And also, I have more contextual knowledge and contextual information to make decisions.
HKBU Classroom: So… Again, I think the challenge, the question is still there.
HKBU Classroom: Can language teachers still play a role in the process of helping research students?
HKBU Classroom: With their publication efforts.
HKBU Classroom: And I think the answer is to build a partnership.
HKBU Classroom: Alright.
HKBU Classroom: I mean, all the students here, you already have a partnership with AI,
HKBU Classroom: And I assume that you are doing well.
HKBU Classroom: The question and the challenge for me is…
HKBU Classroom: Can I still play a role?
HKBU Classroom: Can I still join the process?
HKBU Classroom: Of you trying to figure out how to do the research and write a good paper.
HKBU Classroom: But then, AI is helping you, but then I can also help you.
HKBU Classroom: So that's why,
HKBU Classroom: We are here.
HKBU Classroom: And I think it's very lucky for me that I have a room full of computer science majors.
HKBU Classroom: or computer science PhD students. I mean, we have, one math student here, but,
HKBU Classroom: You also have programming skills.
HKBU Classroom: Because… The way that I'm going to teach this course Would be very different.
HKBU Classroom: From a typical language teacher.
HKBU Classroom: I will be using a lot of programming.
HKBU Classroom: an AI agent.
HKBU Classroom: If this is a room of… social science PhD,
HKBU Classroom: or arts PhD students, then I actually will find it more difficult to teach.
HKBU Classroom: Because if I showed them like, the IDE and all the things.
HKBU Classroom: It will be a very steep learning curve.
HKBU Classroom: But for students here, It's very straightforward.
HKBU Classroom: So that's actually a good thing.
HKBU Classroom: I think, it will be…
HKBU Classroom: You know, I think we're going to have a lot of, exciting… Time together.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so… this is an article that's… Worth revisiting.
HKBU Classroom: This is an article I published back in 2019.
HKBU Classroom: You know, I got pretty old now.
HKBU Classroom: start talking about the articles I published many years ago.
HKBU Classroom: This is not really an article, it's more like a blog entry.
HKBU Classroom: But it's on nature, right? So it's pretty… pretigious, prestigious.
HKBU Classroom: And, it's talk about how to write effectively for international journals.
HKBU Classroom: You can check it out later, if you like.
HKBU Classroom: But the key messages can be found in this sentence right here.
HKBU Classroom: Use modern tools to manage research literature.
HKBU Classroom: Analyze published articles.
HKBU Classroom: And then find language teachers to improve ministry for publication. So this is the key messages.
HKBU Classroom: from the article.
HKBU Classroom: No.
HKBU Classroom: Obviously, this article was published many years ago.
HKBU Classroom: With AI, we need to revisit and reconsider
HKBU Classroom: How we want to modernize our approaches.
HKBU Classroom: The first item is talking about doTero, Mendeley.
HKBU Classroom: And, what's the other one?
HKBU Classroom: What's the one that people use? EndNote. Is that EndNote?
HKBU Classroom: So how many of you use doTERRO? Raise your hand.
HKBU Classroom: How about Mendeli?
HKBU Classroom: How about endnote?
HKBU Classroom: Well, Lottero is a great choice, because it's open source, right? So we can actually
HKBU Classroom: Build new things upon that.
HKBU Classroom: But, as you can see, With AI, there's a lot of possibilities in terms of how you can
HKBU Classroom: optimize the use of the tools, like the tarot. How you manage research literature?
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: So that's something we can, we can look at.
HKBU Classroom: Now, analyze published articles. This is probably the most important thing we're going to teach in this course, is
HKBU Classroom: You don't really learn how to write from me.
HKBU Classroom: You learn how to write from published authors, right?
HKBU Classroom: Because… You know, you want to write an article just like them.
HKBU Classroom: So we're going to learn how to analyze the published articles, and try to gain insights from them.
HKBU Classroom: And then apply the insights into our writing.
HKBU Classroom: But then again, the question is, can AI help?
HKBU Classroom: Okay, can AI help us?
HKBU Classroom: Analyze published articles.
HKBU Classroom: Because… I can show you how to analyze one paper.
HKBU Classroom: But then, if we teach AI to do that, then AI can analyze 1,000 papers for us.
HKBU Classroom: Right?
HKBU Classroom: So, again, that's something we can figure out together.
HKBU Classroom: How to analyze published articles systematically so we will gain insights.
HKBU Classroom: Now, the last one, Find language teachers to improve manuscripts for publication.
HKBU Classroom: It's, it's actually quite time-consuming.
HKBU Classroom: To set up meetings like this.
HKBU Classroom: So… how about we find AI teachers?
HKBU Classroom: To improve manuscripts for publication.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean? So these three key ideas from a 2019 article needs to be upgrades
HKBU Classroom: into AI-facilitated strategies.
HKBU Classroom: Okay? So that's… that's something we want to keep in mind.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so that's all I have to say at the beginning.
HKBU Classroom: In terms of the course itself.
HKBU Classroom: You can look at the silos and everything.
HKBU Classroom: I'm sure that you care about assessments, so I just want to quickly tell you about the assessment.
HKBU Classroom: As you can see, this course has been revised after I left the team.
HKBU Classroom: And, now we have 60% is on speaking.
HKBU Classroom: Alright.
HKBU Classroom: That seems to suggest something, which is…
HKBU Classroom: Number one, of course, speaking is very important.
HKBU Classroom: But then… I suspect that the teaching team
HKBU Classroom: Has some difficulty to figure out, how can we really help you with writing?
HKBU Classroom: You know, with AI, with large language model becoming so useful?
HKBU Classroom: So that's why the course itself shifts towards Speaking.
HKBU Classroom: Which I believe can be a good thing, because you probably need more help with speaking.
HKBU Classroom: But I think it's also because the AI tools for supporting speaking is not that well developed just yet.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: But anyway, so… This is how this course will be assessed.
HKBU Classroom: And the good news is that it's a pass-or-fail course.
HKBU Classroom: So you got 65%, you pass.
HKBU Classroom: Alright? So everybody will pass.
HKBU Classroom: Right? We can take that off the table.
HKBU Classroom: As long as you come to class, as long as you,
HKBU Classroom: Do the basic work, you pass.
HKBU Classroom: And, I don't want to… Waste your time.
HKBU Classroom: Because, actually, I'm not quite sure whether my approach will work for you.
HKBU Classroom: Everybody has his or her own way of doing things.
HKBU Classroom: So that's why, starting from next week, we will do a small group meeting.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: small group meeting so that I will meet 3 of you at a time for 1 hour.
HKBU Classroom: And, we already figured out, kind of, a schedule.
HKBU Classroom: That, yeah, so we can… Kind of have a more… Close discussion and everything.
HKBU Classroom: But then…
HKBU Classroom: Week 5 and 6, there will be presentations, so you guys need to come back. Again, not necessarily everybody will come back, just, have a schedule to have presentation.
HKBU Classroom: And then 7 to 9, week 7 to 9, we're going to have a small group meeting thing again.
HKBU Classroom: And then more presentation… And then consultation, and then presentation. So that's how we're going to do this course.
HKBU Classroom: So, at the very minimum, I hope…
HKBU Classroom: You won't waste your time here.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: But then, of course, we should try to… Figure out something.
HKBU Classroom: that we can use AI more effectively.
HKBU Classroom: To help you with your writing, And not just writing.
HKBU Classroom: Perhaps research as well.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so that's, that's kind of a basic introduction of this course.
HKBU Classroom: Any question?
HKBU Classroom: Is Kong Lee here yet?
HKBU Classroom: Okay. Anyone know knows Kang Li?
HKBU Classroom: Great.
HKBU Classroom: So, now, I want to talk about… AI agent.
HKBU Classroom: Before I talk about AI Agent, maybe I can just ask around.
HKBU Classroom: And I want to know how you use AI.
HKBU Classroom: I think that's… that can be an important… Question.
HKBU Classroom: So, you and Jin?
HKBU Classroom: So, how do you use AI to help Writing your paper.
HKBU Classroom: Maybe I can talk with Germany, GVC?
HKBU Classroom: with my ideas, and if I want to find the latest research papers, I can use, Kansas…
HKBU Classroom: To… Automatically… So you talk to your chatbot?
HKBU Classroom: Yeah, of course. Okay.
HKBU Classroom: And, use, pasta, consent, consensus, I, I don't know if you… Use what, sorry? Constant sauce.
HKBU Classroom: to, it's a website, which can help you to find, papers that are related
HKBU Classroom: Consensus. Yeah. Oh, okay, consensus. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, good. And,
HKBU Classroom: And, of course, you need AI to… Fulfill your ideas,
HKBU Classroom: you need to write some code, so I can use a cursor or Copilot.
HKBU Classroom: You do use cursor? Yeah, yeah, cursor. Do you use AI agent? The agent mode? Agent mode, of course, agent mode. Okay. But do you use that for writing paper?
HKBU Classroom: I'm trying to use that, but, have not.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: Well… you're all computer science majors, right? Except,
HKBU Classroom: that student from maths department. So I think, it should be straightforward to you.
HKBU Classroom: When we talk to AI, there are two ways, right?
HKBU Classroom: One is through what we call GUI.
HKBU Classroom: Graphical user interface, right? ChatGBT.
HKBU Classroom: Poe.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: But in another way, is… you can actually interact with large language models through API.
HKBU Classroom: So… But of course, agent… the technology of agent may be a little bit different.
HKBU Classroom: So, what I'm suggesting is…
HKBU Classroom: We want to revisit this model, a very simple model, right? You're all familiar with this. It's called input process output.
HKBU Classroom: So what we do… do we do here?
HKBU Classroom: If you go to ChatGPT or any interface, of course, you can write prompts. The prompt is also input, right?
HKBU Classroom: And perhaps you can also upload the files.
HKBU Classroom: You ride the… The prompts, you give the files, and then the chatbot will
HKBU Classroom: You know, the larger language model will process
HKBU Classroom: We'll look at your problems and try to figure things out, and then they will give you output.
HKBU Classroom: But the output would be just text. You see what I mean? So that's kind of…
HKBU Classroom: the more conventional way of using AI.
HKBU Classroom: 3 years old, right?
HKBU Classroom: what I'm suggesting is that What if, when you use cursor, right? When you use cursor.
HKBU Classroom: You put together a folder, And in the folder, there's everything you want the AI to look at.
HKBU Classroom: not just… Prompt. Of course, prompt is there.
HKBU Classroom: But it could be your articles, right? It could be your 20 articles or 30 articles.
HKBU Classroom: And then you say, look, I have 30 articles.
HKBU Classroom: Why don't you just go ahead and read through all the 30 articles?
HKBU Classroom: And then I have an idea.
HKBU Classroom: I have an outline.
HKBU Classroom: To write a new paper.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so in that outline, I've got a couple points.
HKBU Classroom: So you go to those 20 articles and pick up
HKBU Classroom: The points that align with my outline.
HKBU Classroom: And then you can go ahead and generate something for me.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: And that may not be possible when you… use a chatbot.
HKBU Classroom: Because if you upload 20 articles to a chatbot, The context window will be… You know?
HKBU Classroom: will be exploded. It won't work.
HKBU Classroom: But, if you are using this approach, It may work.
HKBU Classroom: You hear me?
HKBU Classroom: So… Let's do it! Let's try to do it.
HKBU Classroom: Everybody, please fork this… repository.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: So you can fork this repository, And,
HKBU Classroom: Clone it to your local environment.
HKBU Classroom: And, then we'll see how it works.
HKBU Classroom: Is Ethan here?
HKBU Classroom: Oh, okay.
HKBU Classroom: Yeah, I want to introduce two of, my, my students and helpers. One is Andy.
HKBU Classroom: You say hi, and Ethan. So, they are both, computer science undergraduate students from our university.
HKBU Classroom: And also Kai Tai.
HKBU Classroom: Kaida, do you want to say hi?
HKBU Classroom: He's online.
HKBU Classroom: So, Kaitai is my full-time programming assistant. He recently graduated from
HKBU Classroom: our department at BU as well, as undergraduates. So we actually have a programming team, to build things.
HKBU Classroom: And that's actually one thing that we plan to do.
HKBU Classroom: It is to kind of build some tools that can help research students with…
HKBU Classroom: With, with research and writing.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: So… Have you fork it?
HKBU Classroom: Only 3 students did.
HKBU Classroom: we have… I think we have…
HKBU Classroom: everybody would be, like, 20-something. I know two students are not here, So… We can catch up later.
HKBU Classroom: So everybody please fork.
HKBU Classroom: And then you should be able to…
HKBU Classroom: I mean, you can also do it, online.
HKBU Classroom: But that would be VS Code, right? Let me see if I can… Set things up.
HKBU Classroom: So, 11 now, which is great.
HKBU Classroom: So, in order to set up, you can actually come to this page, which is under Week 1, there's AI Agents set up.
HKBU Classroom: Well, sorry, I didn't change here. You can use cursor and…
HKBU Classroom: And this is, this is the, the, the link.
HKBU Classroom: you know, if… if you're not computer science students, then actually, I… I would… I would be in big trouble, because I need to kind of teach students how to install things and everything.
HKBU Classroom: Which is why I think to teach a course with computer science students first is a blessing.
HKBU Classroom: you know, I feel very lucky.
HKBU Classroom: But again, I also need to figure out How to, kind of.
HKBU Classroom: Introduce this approach to other students, to students from other disciplines as well.
HKBU Classroom: And that's something I hope everybody can think about a little bit, because
HKBU Classroom: Because I think, I think, you know, any, any kind of technology approaches, you can't just assume people know things, right?
HKBU Classroom: You can't really introduce IDE or Cursor or VS Code to everybody, you see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: If… if you can do that.
HKBU Classroom: I think life will be much simpler, right?
HKBU Classroom: Imagine if everybody is well-educated, being able to code and everything.
HKBU Classroom: then we don't have to build a lot of UIs, a lot of… Products.
HKBU Classroom: But… But that's not the case.
HKBU Classroom: So that's why Ethan and Andy and Kaitai, you need to help me think about how to do things
HKBU Classroom: you know, make it more accessible. But for now, for this semester, we don't have to worry about it. We can directly use the technology.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: So, what do we do
HKBU Classroom: First of all, you can look at this repository.
HKBU Classroom: Here.
HKBU Classroom: So there's the materials.
HKBU Classroom: Well, this one… There's just silo here, okay? The silo is here.
HKBU Classroom: And then there's, like, the 3-presentation folder, and then the writing. Let's focus on the writing, because the other… I haven't really,
HKBU Classroom: Updated that much.
HKBU Classroom: No.
HKBU Classroom: for them… The writing folder, we've got a couple of activities, starting from 1.1.
HKBU Classroom: Are we on the same page?
HKBU Classroom: Maybe I want to make sure that we're all on the same page.
HKBU Classroom: 14, so there's still students who haven't forked the repository.
HKBU Classroom: Raise your hand if you need help forking this repository.
HKBU Classroom: Email, fork.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, let me, let me just very quickly go through this.
HKBU Classroom: Now, Activity 1.1, what am I doing here?
HKBU Classroom: So this is the mapping instructions.
HKBU Classroom: Now, I'm using this very classical model, which is input process output.
HKBU Classroom: So what is the input?
HKBU Classroom: The input is… The silo of the course.
HKBU Classroom: Right?
HKBU Classroom: The silo of the course, and then the writing assignment brief.
HKBU Classroom: So this is the assessment instruction.
HKBU Classroom: For the writing component, And then there's the student's goal.
HKBU Classroom: And then there's a tutor information.
HKBU Classroom: Okay. Well, actually, I think the silo is… I didn't put a silo here, maybe I need to.
HKBU Classroom: Put it here.
HKBU Classroom: So you copy-pass. You know how to copy-pass, right? You don't need me to teach you.
HKBU Classroom: You copy-pass.
HKBU Classroom: And, so this is… this is our instruction file.
HKBU Classroom: There's the input.
HKBU Classroom: The input, including, the silo.
HKBU Classroom: Including the assignment, the assignment you need to work on.
HKBU Classroom: And then there's also the goal… students' goals and reflection. Now, this is the part you have to write.
HKBU Classroom: Because right now, I actually write something which is a sample.
HKBU Classroom: So you have to tell AI who…
HKBU Classroom: You are, and what kind of difficulty or challenge you may have with writing, or, you know, what could be your strengths, and everything.
HKBU Classroom: So… so this is made up by AI, but you need to create something. You have to write your own file.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: So, what's your strength?
HKBU Classroom: As an academic writer.
HKBU Classroom: What's your weaknesses?
HKBU Classroom: And, in what area do you need help?
HKBU Classroom: So this is something you have to tell AI.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean? So, at some point, you have to create a new file, a copy of this file, and start writing.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, write down what you need.
HKBU Classroom: And then this is info about me.
HKBU Classroom: Tudor's names, I mean, Wong, blah blah blah, that's about me.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, now, all this would be the input.
HKBU Classroom: to AI, through FirePass.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: Now, what's the… what's the process? This is… this is my prompt. This is the prompt for the AI agent.
HKBU Classroom: Given the information above, develop a plan on completing the assignment.
HKBU Classroom: To spend up to 3 hours with AI assistants and how to work with the tutor to develop my own writing skills and AI skills.
HKBU Classroom: And then output, create two Markdown files in a folder.
HKBU Classroom: One is a detailed plan for completing the writing assignment using AI Assistant within 3 hours.
HKBU Classroom: And two is, a plan for working with me to develop writing skills and AI competencies.
HKBU Classroom: Now… How do you tell this to AI?
HKBU Classroom: Anyone know?
HKBU Classroom: Your computer science majors, you should know.
HKBU Classroom: Do you understand what we're talking about here?
HKBU Classroom: I mean, if this is a group… a room of students from social science, then…
HKBU Classroom: I have to take a much more gentler approach, but since you're a computer science major, I assume that you understand what I'm talking about here.
HKBU Classroom: Any… anyone?
HKBU Classroom: Right, so, well, a good way to test whether you know what I'm talking about is, what should be the next step?
HKBU Classroom: How do I send this to AI Agent? That's my question.
HKBU Classroom: The code across the… You can use, out.
HKBU Classroom: 2… Add? That's good. Well, usually what I do is I just copy-pass.
HKBU Classroom: I copy this, and then I send it over.
HKBU Classroom: And hit enter.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean? But of course, this… I have already done it, you see what I mean? So…
HKBU Classroom: So, I need to… cause… cause the… the result is already here.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: So, what I need to do is, I need to delete this.
HKBU Classroom: If I want to run this again.
HKBU Classroom: Let me see, I have to delete this.
HKBU Classroom: And then, I send it over.
HKBU Classroom: Make sure it's agent mode, right? Make sure it's agent mode.
HKBU Classroom: You can do auto, auto, And what will happen is…
HKBU Classroom: The AI agent will read this file.
HKBU Classroom: And in this file, there are file paths to all the other files. So the AI agent will go ahead and read all the files in the input section, and then read my process instruction, and then execute the instruction, and then generate the output into the output folder.
HKBU Classroom: I want to claim some credit to this approach, because… I figured this out myself.
HKBU Classroom: But I'm not sure whether this is really the best approach.
HKBU Classroom: Obviously not the best for the general public.
HKBU Classroom: You see me?
HKBU Classroom: But, I think it could be the best for you guys.
HKBU Classroom: For us.
HKBU Classroom: who know… Programming, a little bit.
HKBU Classroom: Now, you can see… they regenerated… wait, still working.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: So I hope this makes sense to you.
HKBU Classroom: If not, then we spend a little bit more time to make sure that we are all on the same page.
HKBU Classroom: Because if you understand this approach, Then… You can go home.
HKBU Classroom: and start Using this approach to optimize your research.
HKBU Classroom: Because… We can change the input to anything else. We can change the process prompts to
HKBU Classroom: Any other things, and then we can get output.
HKBU Classroom: And I hope you can see this is a very powerful approach.
HKBU Classroom: Much more powerful than just… go-to poll, or…
HKBU Classroom: a GUI to talk to a chatbot.
HKBU Classroom: Well, that's an obsolete way of using AI.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: I mean, it's a smart decision for OpenAI to
HKBU Classroom: to introduce ChatGPT to the world using a GUI, using a chat interface.
HKBU Classroom: Because the threshold is very low. Everybody can just start talking, start typing, start and experience the amazing power of AI.
HKBU Classroom: But that's not the best way to use AI.
HKBU Classroom: This is much better.
HKBU Classroom: But not everybody can learn how to use this.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: So let's, let's, let's take some time to…
HKBU Classroom: Make sure that everybody's on the same page, because
HKBU Classroom: Frankly speaking, I think the rest of the time is just… Up to you now.
HKBU Classroom: You see what I mean?
HKBU Classroom: So, my suggestion would be everybody try this, okay? So, you delete the sample folder.
HKBU Classroom: And, you write a student reflection markdown to fill it with your own case.
HKBU Classroom: And then you update this, Mapping instruction with your… file folder.
HKBU Classroom: And then send the file path to the agent, And see how it goes.
HKBU Classroom: And, once you see the results.
HKBU Classroom: You can then… we can have a little bit of discussion.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: you know, To what extent do you think it might be a useful or relevant approach?
HKBU Classroom: That's the first question. The second question is, how can we apply this approach to your research and writing?
HKBU Classroom: When we change the input, change the process prompt.
HKBU Classroom: We might be able to get something Different.
HKBU Classroom: So let's,
HKBU Classroom: Let's take a break. I mean, you guys can work on this a little bit, and then we can come back.
HKBU Classroom: And we can, Discuss.
HKBU Classroom: Right, so, so actually, the pass, I think it should be used the relative pass instead of
HKBU Classroom: The whole path, okay?
HKBU Classroom: But I think the AI is smart enough to… to kind of… Figure things out.
HKBU Classroom: Alright, so, any question?
HKBU Classroom: training data is very ungeneral, the transport has been unpowerful, then it's how the context is bloated.
HKBU Classroom: Take a file, let me show your…
HKBU Classroom: strengths or weaknesses.
HKBU Classroom: Divide.
HKBU Classroom: You know, you work with me, right? You need to know more about me, so you bought all the info, you found that Indiana.
HKBU Classroom: What kind of your prompt?
HKBU Classroom: No, just, given the information about developer plan, blah blah blah.
HKBU Classroom: No, this is what she needed, but fuck it, darn, you could just copy and paste, file AI agent, it's okay, no, you on the file path.
HKBU Classroom: copy and paste.
HKBU Classroom: Event horseshoe.
HKBU Classroom: Your computer science majors!
HKBU Classroom: My den, Ali.
HKBU Classroom: Oh, okay.
HKBU Classroom: Deva.
HKBU Classroom: Jesus… If file passes your copy and paste mail attributed.
HKBU Classroom: Don Isaba.
HKBU Classroom: No, isma.
HKBU Classroom: copy and paste, but the file path agent.
HKBU Classroom: Don Isaba.
HKBU Classroom: So, ho…
HKBU Classroom: Cursed as well.
HKBU Classroom: Joseon.
HKBU Classroom: copy and paste the trivia.
HKBU Classroom: Su Dai Yu.
HKBU Classroom: Oh, shoot.
HKBU Classroom: the eager follow-up.
HKBU Classroom: How many of you are doing, actually doing this research related to a large language model?
HKBU Classroom: Raise your hand.
HKBU Classroom: a condo.
HKBU Classroom: Yo, it was a summarization behind it somewhere.
HKBU Classroom: Mel Geda.
HKBU Classroom: Anyway… So I think Andy and, Ethan.
HKBU Classroom: Even harder to hear you anyway.
HKBU Classroom: MCPR, who calling
HKBU Classroom: Daniel Zo…
HKBU Classroom: Beholder to Hitsuya.
HKBU Classroom: Goodbye.
HKBU Classroom: O men bimpimbunang go.
HKBU Classroom: Tongue APIs, you caught up.
HKBU Classroom: Behold Zuya. Am I right?
HKBU Classroom: Huh?
Kaitai: Wait, wait, wait, wait.
HKBU Classroom: Oh.
Kaitai: Ning, international?
HKBU Classroom: Thank you.
Kaitai: Buh.
HKBU Classroom: na pushao, yung… To her country.
Kaitai: far, Tongo API, far… to co-pilot.
HKBU Classroom: So, if I'm an agent.
Kaitai: Fuck Agent. Agent even military API, but…
Kaitai: You know what I do, Cody.
HKBU Classroom: That's the point.
HKBU Classroom: That's… that's my… that's the reason why…
HKBU Classroom: I think in the long term, we have to get rid of this.
HKBU Classroom: Donisma.
Kaitai: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: Well, actually, you could potentially… Am I right?
Kaitai: Legal folder.
HKBU Classroom: So he doesn't want this,
HKBU Classroom: Anyway… Well, this is something we need to… we need to think a bit more, okay?
HKBU Classroom: How… Active 1.1 immunity?
HKBU Classroom: Can you, can you share… anyone share?
HKBU Classroom: The output with us, or with me?
HKBU Classroom: I think, I think there are a couple ways to do this. One is actually to, issue a pull request.
HKBU Classroom: To share the, the, the output.
HKBU Classroom: So I need… Okay.
HKBU Classroom: So I think it would be nice if each of you can actually share with me, you know, the process, the output.
HKBU Classroom: And see how it goes.
HKBU Classroom: Now, I want to very quickly, talk about Activity 1.2.
HKBU Classroom: So, this is… again, I used the same… same format.
HKBU Classroom: I have some sample notes.
HKBU Classroom: Well, actually, it all starts with here, review mat, okay?
HKBU Classroom: So what is review mat?
HKBU Classroom: Are you… are you all on this note? Review mat? So it's review materials.
HKBU Classroom: And, here I said, given the focus on macro-level structure review, this… materials…
HKBU Classroom: So there's, Session 1 and Session 2 handout.
HKBU Classroom: So these materials come from, from here.
HKBU Classroom: From here.
HKBU Classroom: Okay? So, so we have… Session 1… So there's some materials here.
HKBU Classroom: And we have session 2… Materials are here, so this is the materials from the course team.
HKBU Classroom: And then…
HKBU Classroom: I tell the chapel, you know, the AI, our main concern is how to organize a research article at macro level, how to select different ideas and contents to present in each section and subsession, and how these sessions and subsession should be linked logically.
HKBU Classroom: So I asked the, agent to create a new note.
HKBU Classroom: called macronotes.mb, take into account the handout and materials above, and write new and concise notes with actionable insights on how to organize a paper.
HKBU Classroom: We need advice that is useful for this assignment.
HKBU Classroom: We also need tips and instructions for analyzing and annotating the published papers to further enrich our knowledge on this issue in specific fields and subfields.
HKBU Classroom: And the output is to create a sample note.
HKBU Classroom: In the same folder.
HKBU Classroom: So I sent this to AI, the agent, and…
HKBU Classroom: The agent prepared these macro notes for me.
HKBU Classroom: And then, I, move on.
HKBU Classroom: to this… Analyze paper, one instruction.
HKBU Classroom: And they said, oh, look at this sample nodes as the input.
HKBU Classroom: And then look at, this paper from, from, you know, kala.md, it's from, Zhu Tongxue.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: So, explore how we could annotate and analyze this paper, blah blah blah blah.
HKBU Classroom: Create a new file, Keller Insights, to present the results of the
HKBU Classroom: Analysis, take notes on the specific features, and also generate the visualsample.html to visualize the macro-level structure of the paper. And when I send this to the AI agent.
HKBU Classroom: I got the Keller Insight, which is a page here, And also the HTML.
HKBU Classroom: Let me see if I can show this.
HKBU Classroom: Sorry.
HKBU Classroom: So, the easiest way to do this, because I'm in an online environment, is simply to download it, right?
HKBU Classroom: So, if you're, you're on your,
HKBU Classroom: Local computer, then you don't have to download.
HKBU Classroom: So this is the result of, an HTML file.
HKBU Classroom: that, analyze the paper.
HKBU Classroom: To show the macros… macro-level structure analysis.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so that's, that's the second, activity.
HKBU Classroom: And in fact, I, I take your… paper.
HKBU Classroom: So, for each… paper… I created a folder for each of you.
HKBU Classroom: And I essentially use the same approach.
HKBU Classroom: So you can see that, there's some…
HKBU Classroom: A macro-level analysis that has been done.
HKBU Classroom: On your paper.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: But then, of course, there's some details like PDF,
HKBU Classroom: We have to convert it into Markdown first.
HKBU Classroom: If you have a… a pre… reprint link.
HKBU Classroom: we have to go to that link to fetch and download the HTML file. If you have LaTeX,
HKBU Classroom: Then we have to kind of write some scripts to read the LaTeX.
HKBU Classroom: turn into Markdown or whatever, or later it's machine-readable.
HKBU Classroom: And then eventually, we will generate some… analysis here.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: So, that's the results.
HKBU Classroom: we've got… Which you can find in the literature folder.
HKBU Classroom: So that's Activity 1.2.
HKBU Classroom: Now, activity, 1.3… is something that…
HKBU Classroom: It's a little bit more complicated.
HKBU Classroom: So, we can… we can take a quick look.
HKBU Classroom: So, here I said an ILM has executed the instructions here.
HKBU Classroom: Wait, sorry, it should be this one.
HKBU Classroom: So the idea is that, we use the API key, from HKBU.
HKBU Classroom: Anyone use the HKB Gen AI?
HKBU Classroom: Raise your hand if you use, PU's AI.
HKBU Classroom: Even, you know, build AI.
HKBU Classroom: API key.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: Cause, I think… ITO only opened the API key for science faculty students.
HKBU Classroom: Okay, so from other faculty, I have to write to them and give them a list, so they can…
HKBU Classroom: offer the API key for them.
HKBU Classroom: Anyway, it's… it's resources, right? You should use them.
HKBU Classroom: take a API, nigga, I told the API, nigga, AI chiselism, there's another… Why not?
HKBU Classroom: Anyway, document gator.
HKBU Classroom: generate an assessment report.
HKBU Classroom: to critically assess the AI's work, including this and this.
HKBU Classroom: Offer advice on how to improve the analysis so students can gain more insights.
HKBU Classroom: assessment, download the process log.
HKBU Classroom: the whole… GPT Si.
HKBU Classroom: Oh, input preparation.
HKBU Classroom: you got API to request.
HKBU Classroom: Oh, totally, if you had the execution.
HKBU Classroom: So, like, not all API response, also, like, a validation, or to, like, a visual sample, the HTML, like,
HKBU Classroom: assessment, blah blah blah.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: Yeah.
HKBU Classroom: So that's Activity 1.3.
HKBU Classroom: Which is kind of a little bit more advanced, because now…
HKBU Classroom: We are using the AI compute power from a…
HKBU Classroom: an external source, through API key.
HKBU Classroom: Not from the AI agent.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: AI agent penshin?
HKBU Classroom: Okay? De files, I mean?
HKBU Classroom: This is the Diago source.
HKBU Classroom: sauce!
HKBU Classroom: Tisamos was just a… AI here. Python.
HKBU Classroom: Holy shit, whatever, programming codes. Programming codes all y'all die.
HKBU Classroom: need to document something. So it's a young woman that truly…
HKBU Classroom: That motion only.
HKBU Classroom: There are so… Dissanne…
HKBU Classroom: To Mokodana.
HKBU Classroom: Shype pack each other.
HKBU Classroom: Pioso… Yo, you go!
HKBU Classroom: Notebook LM, the TDAC, so the open notebook.
HKBU Classroom: When you create your shop, you gotta open a notebook.
HKBU Classroom: open sourced.
HKBU Classroom: Dubai.
HKBU Classroom: Now, open… API key.
HKBU Classroom: Okay?
HKBU Classroom: Halt.
HKBU Classroom: Now, what are you doing? This is what's up, no.
HKBU Classroom: Goodbye.
HKBU Classroom: Given to the silo.
HKBU Classroom: Now Hannah, how to assignment.
HKBU Classroom: Activity 1.1 or 1.2.
HKBU Classroom: Generate more ideas.
HKBU Classroom: For 10 additional activities.
HKBU Classroom: ideas.md, each idea should include objectives, input, process, output, how students can learn, and what additional insights may be gained, how teachers may contribute.
HKBU Classroom: Sugar additional ideas.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: Deva.
HKBU Classroom: Gabby in, copy out.
HKBU Classroom: There's a good.
HKBU Classroom: Okay.
HKBU Classroom: 1.5 is more advanced. Actually, I, I asked AI to build an REG table.
HKBU Classroom: It's kind of a work in progress.
HKBU Classroom: Because the thing is, only the HKBU API keys support embedding.
Kaitai: No, pour laux.
HKBU Classroom: That's just embeddima.
Kaitai: Good shot.
Kaitai: Okay, okay.
HKBU Classroom: I, I, I don't think I can do demo here, because I…
HKBU Classroom: I could, but, depending on, what
HKBU Classroom: What do you want? What do you need?
HKBU Classroom: Anyway, so that's the, that's the activity at 1.5.
HKBU Classroom: Any question?
HKBU Classroom: Now… What we're going to do is to confirm our… Group… group formation.
HKBU Classroom: What is it?
HKBU Classroom: Tigga, take a…